added a video to the resources, fixed typos (#632)
Galileo-Galilei/kedro-mlflow: docs/index.md

{fas}`fa-solid fa-chalkboard-user fa-xl;pst-color-primary` Advanced tutorial
^^^

> The ``kedro-mlflow-tutorial`` github repo contains a step-by-step tutorial to learn how to use kedro-mlflow as an MLOps framework!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``kedro-mlflow-tutorial`` github repo contains a step-by-step tutorial to learn how to use kedro-mlflow as a MLOps framework!
```

A youtube video by the kedro team to introduce the plugin, with live coding.

+++
Watch on youtube {fab}`youtube;fa-xl`
:::

:::{grid-item-card}
:link: https://youtu.be/mIfJR3CdBUE
:link-type: url
:class-header: bg-light

{fas}`fa-solid fa-video fa-xl;pst-color-primary` Tackling the ML Reproducibility Curse
^^^

> A community video showcasing the power of the Kedro-MLflow plugin.

Reviewer: As discussed I'd be completly fine with something shamelessly naming you, e.g. : 

```suggestion
A community video by [Oleg Litvinov](https://github.com/OlegBEZb) showcasing how to use the Kedro-MLflow plugin on an end to end project.
```

but it's up to you!
